so you know I stinking the other day
about a simpler time when our only
concern about getting on an airplane was
there might be snakes on it and with
that said please say hello to probably
the coolest guy in quarantine or
anywhere for that matter via Cisco from
his home somewhere in the universe
samuel l.jackson hello Sam how are you I
like that shirt where'd you get that
really cool you know renditions of me
and other things and you sent me a
really nice batch of t-shirts that I was
waiting to wear on vacation with you
this summer but no no I'm busting them
up you know do you think that's not
gonna happen so for those who don't know
every year magic and Sam go on a
vacation to Italy and this looks great
you post pictures on Instagram and I
have been bugging both of you to bring
me along on this vacation for I don't
know maybe ten years now this was your
year this was my what do you mean it was
my year this is my hair we have to go
even if we I don't know even if we get a
rash put it my pool in the yard
we have to do this okay well we get on a
jet ski go around your pool but you're
not going to Italy you've talked to
magic about it already we've met that
conversation yeah yeah oh I would love
to be included in those conversations
because I feel like I could maybe help
sway you guys to say hey if the virus is
toned down Italy could use some help
this summer no wouldn't that be a
wonderful place for us to go okay we can
zoom about it how about that okay let's
zoom about it so I see movie posters is
this your screening room where we're
visiting right now yes a small screening
room no it's not like huge it's only
about I don't know eight chairs in here
I come over here and you know watch
things it's actually in the guest house
so I can come over here and play the
violent movies that I like so much as
loud as I want without disturbing people
in the house
what violent movies you're watching
lately I've been watching Kingdom which
is kind of like a zombie
Korean series
and I've finally catching up on who
killed ghosts so I've been doing that
you know watching power huh and my
daughter not Ben's white tiger King how
did you like Tiger King you know I
thought I'd met all kinds of people in
my child I have not run into very
specific yeah
more than just cat people cat people
with issues
yeah people with real real cats not
those toy cats if people have an ALICE
that used litter boxes real cats yeah
and it's funny because one of the things
about these big cats is is their teeth
and how dangerous their teeth are and
yet their owners
many of them are toothless things in
these things mouths and you look at them
their heads are like three times bigger
than them huge huge it's funny it's
funny to watch and you to know that we
have more big cats in captivity than
there are in the wild yeah I guess
that's not a good thing
but I tell you what the cats did get
their revenge in a number of ways didn't
think yes yes yes who's in the house
with you your family is there and and
who everybody everybody's here just
always been here but everybody's in a
different part of the house different
stuff who cooks in the house my wife
cooks my daughter is a chef because she
produce right those cooking those so
there's two people that can really cook
I cook when I want stuff and stuff that
I specifically want do you have a
specialty item of Sam Jackson food
special that the family enjoys no no I
have one that I enjoy more than anybody
else
that's Kobe beef hot dogs with grilled
onions and coleslaw that sounds alright
to me
tomorrow as you may know is April Fool's
Day does anybody mess with you do you
have anything to fear or do you play
tricks on anybody and your family or
your friends or any of those types of
things if I was playing golf I would
expect that to be happening at the golf
course tomorrow you know people giving
you balls that explode when you hit them
right stuff like that otherwise now you
have a new project that I think is very
interesting and a lot of fun but before
I get to that I do want to mention that
each night I'm making a donation to
charity and encouraging others to do
that as well and each night our guest
picks the charity so feeding America is
the name of charity that we're targeting
tonight feeding America go to feeding
America not offered and all the
information will there ok so now what
you're about to do for us is a it's a
sequel isn't it sort of you know people
thought that this would be the perfect
time to kind of bring that back and I
got a call the other day from Adam man's
back the guy who wrote the original you
know go to sleep and children's book
that would kind of remind people of what
social distancing and where we are in
these times now so he wrote a new poem I
read it and we want to present it to the
public right now beautiful here we go
Sam Jackson with a new poem and I'll
take it away Sam here we go
stay at home
the runner is spreading there's no joke
it's no time to work or wrong the way
you can fight it is simple my friends to
stay them at home now technically I'm
not a doctor but mother listen when I
read a poem so here I am Sam and Jack's
imploring you keep your ass at home if
you want things to get back to normal
don't panic just use your dog wash your
hands stop touching your face and stay
at home
well it's no time to gamble look around
you're not at a casino just stay the
home as if your name was Trenton
quarantine huh sure you can still see
your friends use the mother app on your
phone but unless you just ran out of
groceries please stay them at home thank
you for doing your part to fighting the
Kurds because that is steep and now that
you're home please feel free to go to
sleep be of it I think you got another
classic on your hands Sam we're gonna
have another talk about this vacation
over the summer okay I'm not leaving I
can't
I'm like a dog with a bone I feel like
this is the only year you're gonna even
possibly let me come and I don't want it
to pass I'm I'm starting to suspect that
this whole coronavirus is a scheme you
guys cooked up to keep me off your enemy
trip yes thank you Sam
Sam stay them at home okay
I'm home man I'm on lockdown everybody
be saved you be safe - Sam Jackson
everybody